# spamkiller
A mail filter to categorize ".eml" files.


# Quick Start

## Usage
1. Unzip tarball to anywhere you like
2. Right click `AddContextMenu.inf` and click **install**
3. Right click any folder contains eml files, and click **Deal with SpamKiller**
4. **Uninstall** Context Menu: double click `DelContextMenu.reg`

## How it works
This tool is treat for eml files to categorize. You can config the things in **configs** folder.
1. `configs.json`: is global configuration.
    1. `Debug` designed for open the error display, but not used now
    2. `Verbose`: if true, cmd windows generated by right click the context menu will stucked until you press <kbd>Enter</kbd>, else cmd windows just flashed except error occur.
    3. `Folder`: if you don't use Context Menu, just double click `spamkiller.exe`, this is usefull to determine where the eml folder to deal.
    4. `Result`: if you don't use Context Menu, just duuble click `spamkiller.exe`, this is usefull to determine where to save the treated emls.
    5. `DropDaysAgo`: determine how many days ago these emls will be ignored.
2. `focuses.json`: is a list to save the keywords, if shot, the eml will delivery to folder **[FOCUSED]**.
3. `spams.json`: is a list to save the keywords, if shot, the eml will delivery to folder **[SPAM]**.

# Notice
If anything wrong, please look up the "log.txt", that was generated at folder where is "spamkiller.exe", also, the terminal window will print error stacks, that can help me fix some bugs.
